Add Jacobian Access Functions (#231)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Usage/ARKStep_c_interface/User_callable.rst

   Returns the internally stored copy of the Jacobian matrix of the ODE
   implicit right-hand side function.

   :param arkode_mem: the ARKStep memory structure
   :param J: the Jacobian matrix

   :retval ARKLS_SUCCESS: the output value has been successfully set
   :retval ARKLS_MEM_NULL: ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``
   :retval ARKLS_LMEM_NULL: the linear solver interface has not been initialized

   .. warning::

      This function is provided for debugging purposes and the values in the
      returned matrix should not be altered.

.. c:function:: int ARKStepGetJacTime(void* arkode_mem, sunrealtype* t_J)

   Returns the time at which the internally stored copy of the Jacobian matrix
   of the ODE implicit right-hand side function was evaluated.

   :param arkode_mem: the ARKStep memory structure
   :param t_J: the time at which the Jacobian was evaluated

   :retval ARKLS_SUCCESS: the output value has been successfully set
   :retval ARKLS_MEM_NULL: ``arkode_mem`` was ``NULL``
   :retval ARKLS_LMEM_NULL: the linear solver interface has not been initialized

.. c:function:: int ARKStepGetJacNumSteps(void* arkode_mem, long int* nst_J)

>    Returns the number of steps at which the internally stored copy of the

Reviewer: This wording seems awkward.  What about the following:
```suggestion
   Returns the value of the internal step counter at which the internally stored copy of the
```

   Jacobian matrix of the ODE implicit right-hand side function was evaluated.

   :param arkode_mem: the ARKStep memory structure

>    :param nst_J: the number of steps at which the Jacobian was evaluated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :param nst_J: the value of the internal step counter at which the Jacobian was evaluated
```
